docs: add database devops with github blog (#464)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/blog/database-cicd-best-practice-with-github.md

Here, we present a complete Database DevOps workflow:

![database-devops-workflow](/static/blog/database-cicd-best-practice-with-github/database-devops-workflow.webp)

1. The developer creates a Merge Request / Pull Request containing the SQL migration script;
2. SQL Review Action is automatically triggered to review SQL and offers suggestions to assist the code review;
3. After several possible iterations, the team leader or another peer on the dev teams approves the change and merges the SQL script into a branch;
4. The merge event automatically triggers the release pipeline in Bytebase and creates a release ticket capturing the intended change;
5. (Optional) A DBA or a designated reviewer may review the change scripts via Bytebase’s built-in UI;
6. Approved scripts are executed gradually according to the configured rollout stages;
7. The latest database schema is automatically written back to the code repository after applying changes. With this, the Dev team always has a copy of the latest schema. Furthermore, they can configure downstream pipelines based on the change of that latest schema.
8. Confirm the migration and proceed to the corresponding application rollout.

> This workflow fits in nicely with the existing CI/CD process and is natural to the Developers. And if you are an acute reader, you may have already spotted the described steps above are a state-of-the-art implementation of the landmark article [Evolutionary Database Design](https://martinfowler.com/articles/evodb.html) written in 2016 by Martin Fowler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow fits in nicely with the existing CI/CD process and is natural to the Developers. And acute readers may have already spotted the described steps are an implementation of the 2016 landmark article [Evolutionary Database Design](https://martinfowler.com/articles/evodb.html).
```
